 1. What is Semantic HTML? desribes the tags with with meaning
    2. What is HTML used for? HTML is used to display data in graphical form
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? A modifer that changes the defualt function of a element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? heading 1 once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes img and link anchors
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? document title, character set, styles, links, scripts
    7. What is an id? points to a specific style declaration in a style sheet
    8. What elements can I add an id to? head, html, script, style
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? Specifies one or more classnames for an element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? as many as you want
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? no limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? add target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? atl
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div Div used to group and section means content inside is group and as an entry
    17. What is CSS used for? styling
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one ul id=nave and whereas div class first-section
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? you combine a id and class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? <p>human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?pref
    24. What is a pseudo selector? added to a selctor that specifies a speical state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? lettwe-space
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: capitalize; uppercase
}
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 